README: mention CERT, mention make -j (#339)
preda/gpuowl: README.md

PRPLL is an OpenCL (GPU) program for primality testing Mersenne numbers.

## Build

Invoke `make` in the source directory.
Multi-threaded build (`make -j$(nproc)`) is supported for the impatient.

## Pre-built binaries

> You can get pre-built binaries from the "Actions" tab on GitHub. Click the commit you want and go to section "Artifacts".

Reviewer: Note that this requires first signing into a GitHub account. Maybe consider adding a https://nightly.link link here instead.

Author: https://nightly.link/preda/gpuowl/workflows/ci/master seems to work well. 
```suggestion
You can get pre-built binaries from [nightly.link](https://nightly.link/preda/gpuowl/workflows/ci/master). This is identical to going to the "Actions" tab on GitHub, choosing the latest commit, then to section "Artifacts".
```

## Build

Invoke `make` in the source directory.

> Multi-threaded build (`make -j$(nproc)`) is supported for the impatient.

Author: ```suggestion
Multi-threaded build (`make -j$(nproc)`) is supported for the impatient.

After building, the `prpll` (or `prpll.exe` on Windows) binary can be found in `build-release`.
```
